docs: improve data fetching wording and explanation (#27061)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/1.getting-started/6.data-fetching.md

Before that, it's imperative to know why these composables exist in the first place.

## Why use specific composables for data fetching?

> Nuxt is a framework which can run isomorphic, or universal code, in both server and client environments. If a normal `fetch` call is used with javascript, data will be fetched twice, once on the server and once on the client. This is why Nuxt offers specific data fetching composables so data is fetched once on the server, and not a second time on the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nuxt is a framework which can run isomorphic (or universal) code in both server and client environments. If the [`$fetch` function](/docs/api/utils/dollarfetch) is used to perform data fetching in the setup function of a Vue component, this may cause data to be fetched twice, once on the server (to render the HTML) and once again on the client (when the HTML is hydrated). This is why Nuxt offers specific data fetching composables so data is fetched only once.
```
